Update README.md, Python 3.10 and dependencies (#91)
viur-framework/viur-base: README.md

<div align="center">
    <img src="https://github.com/viur-framework/viur-artwork/raw/main/icons/icon-base.svg" height="196" alt="A hexagonal logo of the viur-base" title="viur-base">
    <h1>viur-base</h1>
    <br>
    This is the best place to start a new <a href="https://www.viur.dev">ViUR</a> project from!
</div>

## About

`viur-base` is a template for new ViUR projects and already comes with a default setting to quickly start coding.<br>
The repository is intended to serve as a template, therefore feel free to remove any stuff from it to fit your specific
project demands.

## Requirements

Before you start, please check out the following preliminaries are met:

> 1. You either need Linux, macOS, or Windows with WSL. See [awesome-viur](https://github.com/viur-framework/awesome-viur#tutorials--examples) for further help and information for specific operating systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You either need Linux, macOS, or Windows with WSL. See [awesome-viur](https://awesome.viur.dev/README#tutorials--examples) for further help and information for specific operating systems.
```
